[chore] Replace sigs.yml by workstreams.yml (#3366)
open-telemetry/community: project-template.md

Once a project is started, its corresponding SIG should meet regularly for discussion. These meeting times should be posted on the [OpenTelemetry public calendar](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community#calendar) and automatically recorded.

Any relevant information related to the SIG (e.g. sponsors, meeting times, Slack channels, meeting notes, etc.) must be publicly available in the [community](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community) SIG tables, which can be updated via the [workstreams.yml](./workstreams.yml) file and running `make table-generation`.

> Please ensure that GitHub project ID is added to `roadmap_project_ids` to include this project in the OpenTelemetry Roadmap (see [Roadmap Management](./roadmap-management.md) for more information).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure that the GitHub project ID is added to [workstreams.yml](./workstreams.yml) as a `roadmapProject` resource entry under the corresponding SIG to include this project in the OpenTelemetry Roadmap (see [Roadmap Management](./roadmap-management.md) for more information).
```
